README.md, before:

# Tensorboard
This is a wrapper class for the Tensorflow's Tensorboard application. It is still in early development, and should be used with a grain of salt.
If you want to help be sure to contact me or fork this repository and work on our ToDo list from the development branch.
Tensorboard.py is the Wrapper that contains all functions needed to interact, more documentation should come in the future, but as for now, the requirements for this project are:

```
setuptools
wheel
twine
numpy
tensorboard==1.15
torch>=1.6.0 
torchvision>=0.7.0 
```

You can now install this project by using:
```
pip install tensorboard-wrapper
```

### And the list of the functions already implemented:
- [x] tensorboard.writer.SummaryWritter
- [x] add_scalar
- [x] add_scalar*
- [x] add_histogram*
- [x] add_image
- [x] add_images*
- [ ] add_figure
- [ ] add_video
- [ ] add_audio
- [ ] add_text
- [x] add_graph
- [ ] add_embedding
- [ ] add_pr_curve
- [ ] add_custom_scalars
- [ ] add_mesh
- [x] add_hparams
- [x] flush*
- [x] close*

*Altered in some shape or form. All changes will be in the documentation in the future.

Commit message:

Development (#3)
* Tensorboard and exceptions class

* partial tests, missing some

* some requirements missing torch

* Create README.md

* setup script

* finish setting up pypi

* package info

* update in the readme with the pip install command and fix on the __init__ file

* versioneer configuration and build script for minor releases.

* Clearing if statements

removing is true and is false from if on __init__()

* Fixing tensorboard error and updating .gitignore

Error when the path of a dir partially exists, added parameter ```exist_ok```
When removing ```is True``` and ```Is False``` statements introduced a minor bug

* Sanity checks and tests for add_image function

* Added type checking for params
* Added image dimension checks
* Added all unit tests for function in test.py

* Adding sanity check and tests for add_scalar

* Added all type checks for the add_scalar function
* Added all test functions for the add_scalar function
* Added board.close() for all tests. Pytest was having some issues trying to run codes too fast and the shutil.rmtree was trying to delete files that were being used. This is dirt on the code, there should be a post_test function that closes the board after each test.

* Add type validation to add_scalars

* Add tests

* negative tests for add_scalars
* all tests for steps (and minor refactoring)
* all tests for should (to be done)

* Fix issues #4 and #5

* Add new cfg configs to versioneer

README.md, after:

# Tensorboard
This is a wrapper class for the Tensorflow's Tensorboard application. It is still in early development, and should be used with a grain of salt.
If you want to help be sure to contact me or fork this repository and work on our ToDo list from the development branch.
Tensorboard.py is the Wrapper that contains all functions needed to interact, more documentation should come in the future, but as for now, the requirements for this project are:

```
setuptools
wheel
twine
numpy
tensorboard==1.15
torch>=1.6.0 
torchvision>=0.7.0 
```

You can now install this project by using:
```{bash}
pip install tensorboard-wrapper
```

You can run the tests by executing:
```{bash}
python -m unittest test.py
```

### And the list of the functions already implemented:
- [x] tensorboard.writer.SummaryWritter
- [x] add_scalar
- [x] add_scalar*
- [x] add_histogram*
- [x] add_image
- [x] add_images*
- [ ] add_figure
- [ ] add_video
- [ ] add_audio
- [ ] add_text
- [x] add_graph
- [ ] add_embedding
- [ ] add_pr_curve
- [ ] add_custom_scalars
- [ ] add_mesh
- [x] add_hparams
- [x] flush*
- [x] close*

*Altered in some shape or form. All changes will be in the documentation in the future.
